you are stuck in a trap and you don't
even realize it it's designed to be this
way and I'm going to cover all of that
today you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you you might not
realize this but things are happening
according to plan and we're going to
discuss everything from the stock market
we're going to look at what's happening
with the economy my goodness the jobs
the cost of everything has gone up so
much and people always always attack
what you would say as sort of the
anecdotal evidence that pops up the
things that are there tangibly in front
of you but behind the scenes there's a
lot more going on I've written it all
down right here and this was part of a
big discussion that we had in the
finance Friday and I think it's
appropriate to discuss this now in the
short form okay obviously we're not
going to be able to get into it all
because that's a two-hour session
actually two and a half hours it was uh
this Friday we're looking at the stock
market you can see what's been happen
happing clearly with the Magnificent 7
those those top few stocks that have
done really really well their market cap
had gone up like like crazy um now it
has come back down a little bit that's
the froth being let off the top and
we'll see if that continues but
certainly it is oversold on a short-term
scale and you could see this when we
zoom in what it looks like
right then on the Friday session it
comes up by 650 points on the Dow and so
you'll see this fluctuation that's
occurring what are they waiting for
what's going on well there's always the
cycles that happen stocks do not go up
each and every day and of course on any
given day a stock could not perform well
even though it is poised to do very well
in the long term something happens right
oh the CEO said this uh the earnings
report said that but ultimately what
happens here is more people are putting
their money into the stock market and
this in some ways can be a trap but if
we take it back for a minute here you've
got to understand something they inflate
the currency and when they do that you
have devalue dollars and suddenly you
can't have the disposable income that
you once did this is the beginning if we
don't take the inflated currency the
devalued currency that's been pumped
into this system as the beginning the
origin of the problem we're always going
to be looking at the wrong things do you
see what I'm saying here I'll get into
it more I'm going to show you what's
been happening because we can focus on
certain things and look if we're not
going to get to the root cause of course
of course you're not going to be able to
solve it and by the way I don't think
they're going to solve anything but we
at least need to identify you and I okay
look two and five Americans feel that
they're they're stuck Liv living where
they are a lot of people feel destitute
and I'll show you many examples of this
a global U consumer backtrack from the
Revenge spending that was happening a
couple years ago is starting to hit
companies top and bottom lines from food
producers to Airlines automakers and
luxury houses evidence of the impact is
piling up and so we're seeing this all
over the place where suddenly a lot of
companies even those luxury companies
are not seeing what we want did now yeah
Jeff Bezos of the world they're buying
more than ever before they're doing very
well leather jacket man from Nvidia is
doing very well we know that he's been
by the way um leading the charge in a
lot of The Insider selling that's been
happening with Nvidia but the whole
point here is that this has been going
on um on all scales that we see the
consumer not doing what they did before
one of the things that we did talk about
extensively in the Friday
session was that
when we have um something that's
happening and it's taking place over a
long period of time and then suddenly
that stops like the US consumer let's
just say they're buying they're buying
they're on their credit cards buying out
pay later and then they Bang into a wall
they're not doing it anymore every
Domino starts to fall the number of
cities where a starter home is worth $1
million or more has grown from 84 5
years ago to
237 today it's it's unbelievable and you
go to some places it's a lot higher than
that right and you can see that the
dollars are being devalued it's
affecting everybody it's affecting all
different scales of income but also as
you see here all ages America 60e olds
are staring at Financial Peril America's
smallest departments are getting even
smaller this is what's happening you're
getting condensed you're being squished
down you're getting less you will owe
nothing and be happy this is talking
about the people that they're not having
children they can't afford it some of
them for different reasons but they're
in some ways some people are saying oh I
can't afford to have kids I can't afford
to have anything I can't afford it can't
afford it you're seeing that all the
time beset with doomis some gen Z
children of immigrants are giving up on
the American dream they can't do it
they're saying I got to go I got to get
out oh but don't worry though the
economy is doing just fine yes that's
right this economy is gr quotequote
growing at
2.8% okay so that took me a few minutes
to get through that's the explanation
there's so much more to it but just
understanding going walk you through
this you've got the inflation that's
going on that is hitting the currency
why is this happening because they
printed money and we'll come back to
that at the end the printing money the
devalue currency okay people need to
work longer hours they got to work more
jobs you know the people working two two
three forign jobs multiple job holders
that's that that's going off the charts
the end result is the same in terms of
output so you're looking at this and
you've got this output here that you
know your the stuff you have you have
the same stuff but you're working more
jobs you're working more hours you're
getting overtime and at the end of the
day you don't have more stuff you just
you're more tired okay you're looking at
houses becoming smaller as we talked
about wealth is controlled um by heavy
concentration of capital this could be
from the real estate that we're seeing
sort of the black stones and the black
rocks the vanguards they're gobbling up
everything meanwhile you get less this
becomes the renter Nation we see that as
well at the same time our cities are
just being crushed
basically look at this one thing at a
time keep people's wealth contained by
keep it within the banks the stocks Etc
so you don't have that wealth you don't
have that asset you're you're sort of
giving it to another company oh yeah you
hold that for me I hope it's going to be
there tomorrow you know you're just
you're pumping in your cash into
something hoping that you still have
access to it that it maintains its value
all these things but it that of course
it's always kind of been the case but
what's happening here is that it's con
concentrated into fewer and fewer hands
and that is very
dangerous concentration of capital and
control trap them with the occasional
recession and so as we talked about a
lot of the Friday session it was
suggesting that okay you get in there
and you're who was it Corey I think
Corey was talking about this that you
will get in there and suddenly you you
know oh no uh my stocks have come down
by 30% well I'm not going to sell now
I'm not going to sell now or it's come
down by 50% oh wait I might as well just
wait until it goes back up and you wait
and you wait and you wait and you wait
and you're stuck in this trap and maybe
it does go up how long does it take to
get there is it you know if it came down
by 50% it has to go up by 100% just to
get back to where you were then factor
in inflation all those things right keep
that in mind we're being stuck in this
trap recession brings stimulus so you
have a crisis there's a recession oh no
it's for one reason or another but what
occurs is that they do stimulus that
might be let's just say the you know
traditional like the tarp type ba l bail
out this company bail out that company
let's give money over here and there
let's give everybody a paycheck then
they also have the quantitative easings
the reducing interest rates and so on
what's the end result of those two
things that's right inflating your
current currency devaluing your currency
and guess what happens it's the same
thing over again but what occurs is that
the cycle becomes more aggressive it
becomes more aggressive and expands more
to the upside more to the downside it
becomes exaggerated over and over and
over again very big problems here and
all of this the origin of it all is the
evaluation of the currency and that's
what we should be focused on if we don't
focus on that we will not understand how
we are stuck in a trap and so I hope
that you appreciate this information as
we go through it all this is the way
we're stuck in this trap and how do we
get out of it well of course the pillars
of prosperity two things we can make
more income or we can reduce our
expenses and become
self-sufficient those are the things
that we need to do you can employ one or
the other you know a lot of one a little
bit of the other that's up to you but
you've got to do do something about it
you got to take action you got to get
your skills in order you got to take
things you know take the initiative
today it is super important if you are a
business owner I want to talk to you
right now or you know a business owner
you can have targeted customers towards
you using Google ads right you probably
seen them all the time well what if you
can get those Google ads for free I
figured out a way to get Google ads
$10,000 a month US dollar a month that's
$120,000 per year and get them directed
towards your business okay this is
unbelievable I figured the whole thing
out and I'm doing it for my e-commerce
business and you could do the same um if
you are interested in that you are a
business owner you're a local business
owner it doesn't you do not have to be
in the United States you could be from
anywhere and you could do this okay so
I've already gone through successfully
done it for myself I can do it for you
too if you're interested in in this some
more details I built this little website
here just simple little website there's
a link in the description if you want to
get that for yourself reach out to me
davidthe gps.com and I'll see you there
take care